chore: mirror sandbox requirements from openedx-platform (#85)
openedx/codejail-service: requirements/sandbox/README.rst

CodeJail Sandbox environment
============================

The requirements in this directory describe all the dependencies and libraries
available in the Sandbox runtime used to execute instructor-authored code by
openedx-platform.

Files in this directory
***********************

base.in

> =======

Reviewer: `====` is an h2 (two lines).  This needs `*****` for h3 (three lines).

This is the current set of requirements or the sandbox environment, and it

> is used to generate the ``.txt`` files described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used to generate ``base.txt``, described below.
```

Installing the openedx-sandbox environment from this file is **unsupported** and
**unstable**, because the packages are not pinned.

base.txt
========

These are the latest requirement pins for openedx-sandbox. They are regularly

> updated with the latest compatible versions of each package.

Reviewer: > I didn't add the releases directory because we can simply use the base.txt and point to a particular git revision of this repository.

Can you explain more? The purpose of the release.txt files and the changelog is that it makes it very obvious to operators which requirements go with which releases and how the sandbox environment changes every release. Installing base.txt from specific commits would technically work but I fear that it would be less clear for operators how to safely upgrade.

Author: The logic is that the base.txt for a given release will be the one in openedx/codejail-service with the corresponding tag (e.g. `release/ulmo.1`). By default the tutor plugin will install the base.txt for the given `OPENEDX_COMMON_VERSION`.

In case you need to use a different set of dependencies you will use some mechanism that the plugin offers to retrieve the file from a different source. At the moment is a [mix of docker build args and Tutor settings](https://github.com/eduNEXT/tutor-contrib-codejail/blob/main/tutorcodejail/templates/codejail/build/codejail-service/Dockerfile#L10-L11), but could probably be simplified to only Tutor settings.

I agree that keeping the changelog is valuable. What I think is confusing is keeping the snapshot of the files when that is already being done by git (although this move loses the previous versions).

Reviewer: @MoisesGSalas Ah, I didn't realize `SANDBOX_DEPS_VERSION` could be easily configured to be different from the version of the codejail-service repository. Nice, I agree that this is much better than copying the text file every release 👍🏻 

Where do you propose the changelog is kept? Named release notes, or part of this repo?

We'll need to update [this part of the release process](https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/COMM/pages/19662426/Process+to+Create+an+Open+edX+Release#2a.-Freeze-edx-sandbox-for-the-release). I'm happy to help rewrite that part, let me know what you think would make sense for a process.

Author: I think the Named release notes is the better place. I myself go there first when I need to handle a particular upgrade.

I think removing the segment altogether is enough? The release manager shouldn't need to do anything in this repository besides tagging via the repo-tools script.

I don't know what would be the best way to catch breaking changes when upgrading the requirements in order to add them to the notes.

Reviewer: In the past, I've made notes of two types of things:
* major version bumps in any sandbox packages, particularly scipy and numpy
* dropping of support for a python version

Maybe it could be a regularly scheduled task for the codejail-service maintainer to check those during each named release period and add it to the operator notes? https://openedx.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/COMM/pages/5331222534/Verawood+-+Operator+Release+Notes

Author: Yeah that makes sense, specially if the maintainer is the one that merges the weekly requirements upgrade anyways, so they can leave a note in the PR and collect them later at the time of release.
